Read Jay Silveriafs full speech
Ladies and gentlemen, you may have heard that some people down in the prep school wrote some racial slurs on some message boards. If you havenft heard that, I wanted you to hear it from me. If youfre outraged by those words then youfre in the right place. That kind of behavior has no place at the prep school, it has no place at USAFA, and it has no place in the US Air Force.

You should be outraged, not only as an airman, but as a human being. And Ifll tell you, that the appropriate response for horrible language and horrible ideas, the appropriate response is a better idea. So thatfs why Ifm here. Thatfs why all these people are up here on the staff tower, so let me have everybody whofs up here please pull forward to the rails. Also, therefs so many people here, theyfre lining the outsides along the windows. These are members of the faculty, coaching staff, AOCfs, AMTfs, from the airfield, from my staff, from my headquarters, all aspects of the 10th Airbase Wing, all aspects that make up USAFA and the United States Air Force Academy leadership is here. You heard from Brigadier General Goodwin, Brigadier General Armacost is here, Colonel Block from the athletic department is here, Mr. Knowlton is in Washington, DC right now.

Thatfs why theyfre here. Thatfs why wefre all here, because we have a better idea. Some of you may think that that happened down in the prep school and doesnft apply to us. I would be naive and we would all be naive to think that everything is perfect here. We would be naive to think that we shouldnft discuss this topic. We would also be tone-deaf not to think about the backdrop of whatfs going on in our country. Things like Charlottesville and Ferguson, the protests in the NFL, thatfs why we have a better idea. One of those ideas, the Dean brought people together to discuss Charlottesville because what we should have is a civil discourse and talk about these issues, thatfs a better idea.

‚±‚Ì‚½‚ß‚É„‚½‚¿‚Í‚±‚±‚É‚¢‚éB„‚½‚¿‚É‚Í‚à‚Á‚Æ‚¢‚¢l‚¦•û‚ª‚ ‚éB‚±‚Ì’†‚É‚ÍA¡‰ñ‚Ì‚±‚Æ‚Í©•ª‚É‚ÍŠÖŒW‚È‚¢‚Æv‚Á‚Ä‚¢‚éÒ‚à‚¢‚é‚¾‚ë‚¤B‚±‚±‚Å‚Í‰½‚à–â‘è‚È‚¢‚Æv‚Á‚Ä‚¢‚é‚È‚çA„‚Í‚à‚Ì’m‚ç‚¸‚ÌƒAƒzƒE‚ÅA‚«‚İ‚½‚¿‚à‚à‚Ì’m‚ç‚¸‚ÌƒAƒzƒE‚¾B

We received outstanding feedback from that session at Charlottesville, but I also have a better idea and itfs about our diversity, and its the power of the diversity, the power of the 4,000 of you and all of the people that are on the staff tower and lining the glass, the power of us as a diverse group, the power that we come from all walks of life, that we come from all parts of this country, that we come from all races, we come from all backgrounds, gender, all makeup, all upbringing. The power of that diversity comes together and makes us that much more powerful. thatfs a much better idea than small thinking and horrible ideas. We have an opportunity here, 5,500 people in this room, to think about what we are as an institution. This is our institution and no one can take away our values. No one can write on a board and question our values. No one can take that away from us.

So just in case youfre unclear on where I stand on this topic, Ifm going to leave you with my most important thought today: If you canft treat someone with dignity and respect, then you need to get out. If you canft teach someone from another gender, whether thatfs a man or a woman, with dignity and respect, then you need to get out. If you demean someone in any way, then you need to get out. And if you canft treat someone from another race or a different color skin with dignity and respect, then you need to get out.

Reach for your phones. Ifm serious, reach for your phones. OK, you donft have to reach for your phones, Ifm going to give you an opportunity to reach for your phones. I want you to videotape this so that you can have it, so that you can use it, so that we all have the moral courage together, all of us on the staff tower lining the glass, all of us in this room. This is our institution, and if you need it, and you need my words, then you keep these words. And you use them and you remember them and you share them and you talk about them. If you canft treat someone with dignity and respect, then get out.

https://qz.com/1090765/
racism, diversity, military, speech, charlottesville
Join the Quartz communityTry it for free
Close