Playing at work

When people talk about games, they usually think of the board games or computer games people play for entertainment. However, there is a growing movement toward using games and new ways in the classroom, the workplace and other areas of society. This new phenomenon is called gamification. Some people used to believe that computer games had a bad effect on education. They believe that games had a bad influence on children studies. However, scientists have found evidence that playing computer games can actually help the brain learn.

Scientists have found that playing these games stimulate production of chemical called dopamine. This chemical improves the ability to pay attention. Other research shows that the chance to gain some kind of a reward increases the desire to do things. This encourages students to continue learning. By using games in the classroom, teachers can help students pay attention and stay involved. Another area were gamification has an impact is a workplace. For example, some businesses have workers competed games to loose weight and stay healthy. Competitors have a chance of winning materials rewards and encouragement from coworkers. This can motivate workers to make healthy choices in eating more to continue exercising. Gamification also helps raise productivity. Some companies use online games systems to reward people for their achivements. Others reward workers for suggesting new ideas for products. The reward is not always money or price. It can be a complement from a supervisor or other workers. Being recognized by others in the workplace motivates and encourages workers.

Experts have different views on the effects of gamification. Some say that leads to unnecessary pressure and stress. Still we see examples of gamification in areas of society people once would not have imagined. It may be necessary to evaluate the effects on a case by case basis. Each company, school or organization includes different types of people, but it definitely looks like the use of games is now part of our everyday life.
