Creating voice

Voice synthesizing technology has made it possible to create digital characters who can talk and sing. One advantage of such software is that anyone can use a computer to create music and write a songs. Almost anyone can become a music composer and producer. Some people add animated images to their original songs. They can put their own music videos on the web. Some are lucky enough to gain enough popularity to make a commercial recording. The popularity of this software has crossed national and industry borders. Hatsune Miku is the poster girl of this new technology. She is the inspiration for a manga series as well as for games and clothing. She is also attracted fans from around the world to concerts. At these concerts 3D images are shown on the screen on the stage. This new development has stimulated a numbers of creators. People living in different parts of the world work together to create new songs and performances.

Advance voice synthesizing technology has gone beyond the entertainment industry. It is creating possibilities in fields such as medicine. The technology can generate natural sounding human voices. Researchers make a database of voice samples for the pitch, tone and speed can be changed. They can create of voice for people who have difficulties speaking. They can also give a voice to people who have lost their voice due to neurological problems.

The personalized voice can be used to produce words and express feelings. This improves communication and the person's quality of life. It provides the person with a sense of individual identity. There are other ways in which voice synthesizing technology can be used. For example it is possible to record new songs by singers who have already passed away. It is also possible to create pleasant computerized voices to give instructions over the phone. We want to start and it would be a long time before humans who live together with androids that speak to us in human voices. But that reality is already here.
